Update disease list documentation + CRD inclusion in core disease list (#2230)
everycure-org/matrix: docs/src/pipeline/data/drug_disease_lists.md

EC team members looking for the full dataset, including all internal fields, should refer to the datasets repository.

## Workflow and Method for creating the MATRIX disease list

Details for how MATRIX disease list is created can be found within the [core entities pipeline project](../../../../pipelines/core_entities/src/core_entities/pipelines/disease_list/).

> In short, MONDO disease ontology is used to extract diseases which are then enriched with curated annotations, producing the final MATRIX disease list availalbe on Huggin Face.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In short, the MONDO disease ontology is used to extract diseases which are then enriched with curated annotations, producing the final MATRIX disease list available on Hugging Face.
```

The pipeline than creates tags based on those groups that are then exported into the disease grouping list.

### Mannual annotations of clinical recognizability

As not all entities within a MONDO ontology will correspond to diseases relevant to drug repurposing and recognized by medical community, we manually annotated all MONDO diseases based on their clinical recognizability. 

To each disease, we assigned a `level` attribute which describes whether the ontological entity describes a clinically recognized disease, its subgroup or a high-level grouping.

> * Groupings were assigned when entity was representing a high-level disease grouping which cannot be easily targettable by drugs, such as [neurodegenerative disease](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0005559?lang=en) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Groupings were assigned when an entity represents a high-level disease grouping which cannot be easily targeted by drugs, for example [neurodegenerative disease](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0005559?lang=en) 
```

> * Clinically recognized label was assigned when an entity was representing a disease which would be recognized by both a physician and a patient diagnosed with the disease, such as [Alzheimer disease](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0004975?lang=en) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Clinically recognized label was assigned when an entity represents a disease which would be recognized by both a physician and a patient diagnosed with the disease, such as [Alzheimer disease](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0004975?lang=en) 
```

* Subgroups were assigned for clinically identical subtypes of diseases represented by different leaf nodes (e.g. due to varying chromosome mutations, such as in the case of [Alzheimer 17](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0014036?lang=en) and [Alzheimer 18](https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ols4/ontologies/mondo/classes/http%253A%252F%252Fpurl.obolibrary.org%252Fobo%252FMONDO_0014265?lang=en)).

> Note that the motivation for those groupings is to try to capture what physicians or patients would recognize. We acknowledge that disease definition is a very complex issue and this classification is only 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the motivation for those groupings is to try to capture what physicians or patients would recognize. We acknowledge that the definition of what is a disease is a very complex issue and this classification is only 
```

> present to help navigate ontologies rather than replace any existing guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
here to help navigate ontologies rather than replace any existing guidelines.
```
